Readme.md, before:

# Apollo 🚀

> A highly scalable, language-agnostic job orchestration platform for long-running tasks

Apollo is a powerful jobs orchestrator designed for the real world. Whether you're running data migrations, database backups, or any other long-running tasks, Apollo provides a robust, scalable foundation that speaks any language.

## Why Apollo?

Ever tried running a massive data migration and had it fail halfway through? Or needed to schedule critical database backups across multiple environments? Apollo was built to solve these exact problems.

**Key Features:**
- 🐳 **Docker-native** - Run jobs in any language, any environment
- ☁️ **Cloud-ready** - Built for GCloud with Kubernetes support
- 🔄 **Reliable scheduling** - Cron-based repeatable jobs that actually work
- 🌐 **Language agnostic** - Define jobs in Go, Python, Node.js, or whatever you prefer
- 📊 **Real-time monitoring** - Track your jobs with detailed logs and status updates
- 🔧 **gRPC API** - Fast, type-safe communication

### Client usage

[For Node click here](/proto/generated/node/proto/README.md)

> For all the langs you can generate from [Proto def](/proto/jobs.proto)

Commit message:

Add server setup instructions to Readme.md
- Included a new section detailing the server setup process using a curl command to fetch the setup script.
- Added prompts for deployment type, port configuration, GitHub Container Registry login, and optional jobs config file path, enhancing user guidance for initial setup.

Readme.md, after:

# Apollo 🚀

> A highly scalable, language-agnostic job orchestration platform for long-running tasks

Apollo is a powerful jobs orchestrator designed for the real world. Whether you're running data migrations, database backups, or any other long-running tasks, Apollo provides a robust, scalable foundation that speaks any language.

## Why Apollo?

Ever tried running a massive data migration and had it fail halfway through? Or needed to schedule critical database backups across multiple environments? Apollo was built to solve these exact problems.

**Key Features:**
- 🐳 **Docker-native** - Run jobs in any language, any environment
- ☁️ **Cloud-ready** - Built for GCloud with Kubernetes support
- 🔄 **Reliable scheduling** - Cron-based repeatable jobs that actually work
- 🌐 **Language agnostic** - Define jobs in Go, Python, Node.js, or whatever you prefer
- 📊 **Real-time monitoring** - Track your jobs with detailed logs and status updates
- 🔧 **gRPC API** - Fast, type-safe communication

### Server Setup

```bash
curl https://apollo.lynxlab.tech/setup.sh | sudo bash
```

You'll be asked 

- Which deployment type you want (Cloud Run or Local Docker)
- Which port to expose the service on (default: 6910)
- Whether to log in to GHCR (GitHub Container Registry)
- Path to your jobs config file (optional)

### Client usage

[For Node click here](/proto/generated/node/proto/README.md)

> For all the langs you can generate from [Proto def](/proto/jobs.proto)
